response header rework (#1869)
actix/actix-web: actix-http/CHANGES.md

# Changes

## Unreleased - 2021-xx-xx
### Added

> * `IntoHeaderPair` trait that allows using types and non-typed headers in the same methods. [#1869]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `IntoHeaderPair` trait that allows using typed and untyped headers in the same methods. [#1869]
```
